added react resources (#3)
ColoredCow/resources: react/README.md

# React

## Prerequisites

> Basic knowledge of web Technologies- html, css and javascript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Basic knowledge of Web technologies - HTML, CSS, and Javascript
```

JSX, Babel and node-https://www.w3schools.com/whatis/whatis_react.asp

Can work in js es5 but prefer es6- http://es6-features.org/

## Getting Started

What is React?
https://www.simplilearn.com/what-is-react-article

> ## Where should i start?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Where Should I Start?
```

You can start from the official website tutorial. Its a great learning curve which covers all the basics of React- https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html

Or you can start with free code camp- https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-libraries/react/

> ## Learning by practice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Learning By Practice
```

Create a basic CRUD app with React. Reference- https://codepen.io/talha7o/full/xxbEyoY

> ## After completing the basics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## After Completing The Basics
```

> Difference between class and functional components
> https://medium.com/@Zwenza/functional-vs-class-components-in-react-231e3fbd7108#:~:text=The%20most%20obvious%20one%20difference,which%20returns%20a%20React%20element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Difference between class and functional components
[Functional vs Class-Components in React](https://medium.com/@Zwenza/functional-vs-class-components-in-react-231e3fbd7108#:~:text=The%20most%20obvious%20one%20difference,which%20returns%20a%20React%20element).
```

# React

> This document covers the resources needed to learn react.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document covers the resources needed to learn React.
```

They are designed in a way that a newcomer can easily know where to look for resources and links.

### Prerequisites

> - Basic knowledge of Web technologies- HTML, CSS and Javascript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Basic knowledge of Web technologies: HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.
```

> - [JSX, Babel and node](https://www.w3schools.com/whatis/whatis_react.asp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [JSX, Babel, and Node](https://www.w3schools.com/whatis/whatis_react.asp).
```

- Prefer [ES6](http://es6-features.org/) over ES5.

### Getting Started

[What is React?](https://www.simplilearn.com/what-is-react-article)

> ### Where Should I Start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Where Should I Start?
```

You can start from the official website [tutorial](https://reactjs.org/tutorial/tutorial.html). It's a great learning curve which covers all the basics of React.

> Or you can start with [freecodecamp.](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-libraries/react/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can start with [freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/front-end-libraries/react/).
```

### Learning By Practice

Create a basic CRUD app with React.

> [Refer here](https://codepen.io/talha7o/full/xxbEyoY).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Get started](https://codepen.io/talha7o/full/xxbEyoY).
```

### After Completing The Basics

- [Functional vs Class-Components in React.](https://medium.com/@Zwenza/functional-vs-class-components-in-react-231e3fbd7108#:~:text=The%20most%20obvious%20one%20difference,which%20returns%20a%20React%20element.)

- [Using functional components and hooks.](https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html)

### API Calls

- [Using axios library.](https://blog.logrocket.com/how-to-make-http-requests-like-a-pro-with-axios/)

### Projects Done

- [Glific](https://github.com/glific/glific-frontend)

### Video Tutorials

> Create an account [here](https://learn.chrisoncode.io/webinars). Its free of cost and then you can watch the tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an account [here](https://learn.chrisoncode.io/webinars) (it's free of cost!) and you can watch the tutorials.
```
